Shit.
Your work is a bold statement.
Why this?
Why now?
Uh...
House lights!
You hesitated.
It's a complicated question.
And you've had months to
come up with an answer.
Art...
...comes from a place you don't
feel comfortable talking about.
To me it's just intuitive.
I respect your process.
But if buyers are going
to plunk down money. good money.
they want to know what they are getting.
Who they are getting.
People...
...don't buy the art--
they buy the artist.
I know. Kimi.
I'm sorry.
You have two hours before
we open the doors
to figure out an answer
that makes me believe you.
We both have a lot at stake tonight.
Hey. Mom.
"Kentaro Randa's assertive
exploration of parallels and interiors
invites the viewer to challenge
their assumptions about identity."
Who knew my son was so provocative?
I'm not.
Everyone's going to love it.
It wouldn't be very "provocative"
if everyone loved it.
Hey...
...I'm proud of you.
So is your father.
He hasn't even seen it.
He will tonight.
He's coming straight from the airport.
I'm going to get some air...
...before everyone wants to meet
the "provocative" new artist.
Kentaro...
...you've worked hard for this.
You deserve it.
There are snacks.
Did you just take my picture?
No.
I saw you.
I was taking a picture
of my poster for my show.
and you walked in front of it
gawking like a tourist.
You're taking their side?
Sota?
Password.
Sota. It's me. man. Kentaro.
Who?
Kentaro.
Password.
Dump!
Hurry up!
Dump?!
She didn't mean it.
Prove me wrong.
And you're too easy to mess with.
May. this is Sota.
Owner.
Manager.
Asshole.
Guilty of all charges.
But maybe we can do better.
Does he bring other girls?
As a bartender. I can't say.
Asshole.
Dad...
Don't leave me!
Wait. Dad!
It's me!
Don't...
I did sell a few pieces...
...but Kimi dropped me anyway.
"It's a huge opportunity." you said.
"You're so talented."
"You can do this."
"I believe in you."
That's what you said that time.
How the hell...
...would you know
if I was ready or not?
But I didn't want to disappoint you.
So I couldn't face you...
How was I supposed to know
I'd never see you again?
Dad?
I wouldn't have missed this for anything.
Everybody loved it.
Your mother loved it.
I loved it too.
I'm proud of you.
Congratulations.